-------------------------------------------------------------------
              MyDMS 1.6.0 Update from previous Version
-------------------------------------------------------------------

IMPORTANT: Backup your database before commencing any upgrade.


1. Requirements

You must have version 1.5.1 of MyDMS installed and configured correctly on
your system.

IMPORTANT: Backup your database before commencing any upgrade.

To upgrade from a version of MyDMS older than 1.5.1, first follow the
instructions found in the document "update-1.5.0.txt".


2. Updating the Database

IMPORTANT: Backup your database before commencing any upgrade. (Can I make
this any plainer?)

Run the script "update_tables-1.6.0.sql" from within your MySQL client, ensuring
that the correct datbase has been created.


3. Creating the Document Status Index

MyDMS uses a new document lifecycle management system that allows users to
review and approve documents. In order to manage this system, new database
tables have been introduced to record status, and the main status table needs
to be pre-populated before any upgraded installation can be used. If you do
not carry out this step, documents will not appear when browsing folders (the
files are still in MyDMS but the new report relies on content from
tblDocumentStatus and tblDocumentStatusLog and will silently fail if these
tables are incomplete.).

To populate the status tables, open a web browser window and log into MyDMS
as an Administrative user. Then load the following page:

http://${server}/${mydms root}/op/op.CreateStatusIndex.php

This script will only run if the user has administrative privileges. Even so,
I recommend that the file is deleted after it has been run and you have
verified that MyDMS is running correctly. The script need only be run once.
This page can only be accessed directly -- there are no links within MyDMS
that take to you this page.


4. New Page Layout and Styles

The user interface for MyDMS has been completely revised and updated,
replacing the original theme engine. MyDMS uses CSS style sheets to manage
all aspects of page layout, including the colour scheme. Stylesheets and
supporting files such as images are stored in the styles directory. As of
1.6.0, the default MyDMS style is called "orange". If you would like to
create your own styles, make a copy of the "orange" directory and begin
experimenting.

The user interface has been split into 4 basic container types:

	Global Navigation
		Contains the name of the site, global navigation bar, quick search box
		and the name of the current user.

		<!-- Outer element. Displays the background gradient. -->
		<div class="globalBox">
			<!-- Displays the top right corner. Can also be used to render a logo. -->
			<div class="globalTR"></div>
			<!-- The global navigation bar -->
			<ul class="globalNav">
				<li id="first">...</li>
				<li>...</li>
			</ul>
			<!-- The name of the Web site. Also displays the top left corner. -->
			<div class="siteName">MyDMS</div>
			<!-- Signature tag -->
			<div id="signatory">Signed in as Guest (Sign out)</div>
			<!-- Some unpleasant but necessary CSS house-keeping -->
			<div style="clear: both; height: 0px;">&nbsp;</div>
		</div>

	Page Navigation
		Contains context-sensitive navigation bar (e.g. folder actions, document
		actions, administrative tools), and normally the complete path to the
		folder or document being displayed.

		<div class="headingContainer">
			<ul class="localNav">
				<li id="first">...</li>
				<li>...</li>
			</ul>
			<div class="mainHeading">Root-Folder</div>
			<div style="clear: both; height: 0px;"></div>
		</div>

	Content Heading
		Usually displayed above a content container to act as a heading for the
		following content. There may be more than one Content Heading on a given
		page.

		<div class="contentHeading">Folder Information</div>

  Content Container
		A top level container for any content to be displayed on the page. The
		content container is comprised of a set of 6 nested div elements, styled
		according to taste. In the default theme, "orange", the divs are used to
		display images that create the rounded-corner effect as well as
		displaying borders along each edge and a background gradient along the
		bottom edge of the container.

		It is a complex structure for what might seem to be a trivial effect, but
		it reflects the complexity inherent in the application of cascading style
		sheets to HTML.

		The container elements are structured as follows:

		<!-- Outer element. Required to ensure that IE renders correctly. -->
		<div class="contentContainer">

      <!-- Contains background gradient. Must appear as the bottom layer. -->
      <div class="content">
		    <!-- Displays the left edge of the container. -->
    		<div class="content-l">
    			<!-- Displays the right edge of the container. -->
    			<div class="content-r">
    				<!-- Displays the bottom-right corner of the container. -->
						<div class="content-br">
	    				<!-- Displays the bottom-left corner of the container. -->
							<div class="content-bl">\n";
								Content is displayed here.
							</div>
						</div>
					</div>
				</div>
			</div>
		</div>

For details, please examine the style sheet to see how each element is
managed.
